gh-95913: Copyedit/improve Other Language Changes What's New section (#97719)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

since 3.5 have included this in their 32-bit builds.

.. _whatsnew311-other-lang-changes:

Other Language Changes
======================

* Starred unpacking expressions can now be used in :keyword:`for` statements.
  (See :issue:`46725` for more details.)

* Asynchronous :ref:`comprehensions <comprehensions>` are now allowed
  inside comprehensions in :ref:`asynchronous functions <async def>`.
  Outer comprehensions implicitly become asynchronous in this case.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :issue:`33346`.)

* A :exc:`TypeError` is now raised instead of an :exc:`AttributeError` in
  :keyword:`with` statements and :meth:`contextlib.ExitStack.enter_context`
  for objects that do not support the :term:`context manager` protocol,
  and in :keyword:`async with` statements and
  :meth:`contextlib.AsyncExitStack.enter_async_context`
  for objects not supporting the :term:`asynchronous context manager` protocol.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :issue:`12022` and :issue:`44471`.)

* Added :meth:`object.__getstate__`, which provides the default

>   implementation of the :meth:`!__getstate__` method. :mod:`copy`-ing
>   and :mod:`pickle`-ing instances of subclasses of builtin types

Reviewer: I think I liked the previous markup better for the `mod`s.  If you want to only apply the markup to the module name, I would drop the `-` and use `copy`ing and `pickle`ing (even though  the latter is wrong).
```suggestion
  implementation of the :meth:`!__getstate__` method. :mod:`Copying <copy>`
  and :mod:`pickling <pickle>` instances of subclasses of builtin types
```
```suggestion
  implementation of the :meth:`!__getstate__` method. :mod:`copy`\ing
  and :mod:`pickle`\ing instances of subclasses of builtin types
```

Author: Yeah, I preferred the previous except that I didn't know any way to link the module without getting the literal formatting for the whole link, which is semantically wrong. I guess I'll go with the second here.
